fix: error `can't resolve $ref` when `components.parameters` has a ref to the `components.schemas` (#2407)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/happy-chairs-drop.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
---

> Fixed an issue where the `remove-unused-compoents` decorator threw a `Can't resolve $ref` error. This issue occurred when `components.parameters` had a $ref to `components.schemas`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `remove-unused-compoents` decorator threw a `Can't resolve $ref` error. This issue occurred when `components.parameters` had a `$ref` to `components.schemas`.
```

> Fixed an issue where the `remove-unused-compoents` decorator threw a `Can't resolve $ref` error. This issue occurred when `components.parameters` had a `$ref` to `components.schemas`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `remove-unused-components` decorator was failing to resolve `$ref` references to schemas from `components`.
```

What about something like this? Trying to make it more human-readable.
